# Tamil-Movies-New-Movies

Oho it’s Friday! Every week Friday is a most exiting day for Tamil movies new movies fans and judgment day for its producers and directors. Based on the opening and <a href="http://www.cinemapettai.com/category/movie-reviews">Latest Tamil Movie Reviews</a> of movies next two day collections are decided.  Now a day’s people read reviews and then book their tickets on weekends to watch good movies. For movies like Jurassic world, Terminator Genesis Tamil audience gave good opening and response.  Still those movies running in theatres successfully, tamil fans gave good response for both English and Tamil version. 

Most expected <a href="http://www.cinemapettai.com">Tamil Cinema</a> new movies is Baahubali‬ released on this Friday only. Surprisingly not even one movie gets released during this Friday. Either producers they don’t want to compete with baahubali or they did not get theatres. Baahubali is 250 crore multilingual project released in Tamil, Teleugu and Hindi Languages. Popular director SS Rajamouli has spent three years in this movie production. All the reviews have praised the movie, cast and crew. Baahubali will be a bench mark to Indian cinema.  

This week almost every major theatre released Baahubali to attract audience to theatres more than tickets their revenue is from popcorn, snacks and parking fee. Box office collection is expected more than 50 crore only on Friday alone and producers are expecting more than 100 crore collection in this weekend.  Due to Theatre owner’s strike Kerala got a beating otherwise movie got good collection through its release worldwide. Producers has released the movie this Friday across 4000 theatres including America, Canada, Singapore, Malaysia, Sri Lanka, united kingdom, many of the European countries and in countries where Tamil and Telegu people are abundant. 

